android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.compat.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.compat.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.compat.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.compat.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.compat.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.compat.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.compat.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.compat.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.compat.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.compat.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int coordinatorLayoutStyle
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int keylines
    public static int layout_anchor
    public static int layout_anchorGravity
    public static int layout_behavior
    public static int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int layout_insetEdge
    public static int layout_keyline
    public static int statusBarBackground
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int bottom
    public static int chronometer
    public static int end
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int left
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int none
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int start
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
    public static int top
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
    public static int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.coreui.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int coordinatorLayoutStyle
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int keylines
    public static int layout_anchor
    public static int layout_anchorGravity
    public static int layout_behavior
    public static int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int layout_insetEdge
    public static int layout_keyline
    public static int statusBarBackground
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.coreui.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.coreui.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.coreui.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.coreui.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int bottom
    public static int chronometer
    public static int end
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int left
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int none
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int start
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
    public static int top
android.support.coreui.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.coreui.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.coreui.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.coreui.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
    public static int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.coreui.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.coreutils.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.coreutils.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.coreutils.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.coreutils.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.coreutils.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.coreutils.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.coreutils.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.customview.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.customview.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.customview.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.customview.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.customview.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.customview.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.customview.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.customview.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.customview.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.customview.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.drawerlayout.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.drawerlayout.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.fragment.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int coordinatorLayoutStyle
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int keylines
    public static int layout_anchor
    public static int layout_anchorGravity
    public static int layout_behavior
    public static int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int layout_insetEdge
    public static int layout_keyline
    public static int statusBarBackground
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.fragment.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.fragment.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.fragment.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.fragment.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int bottom
    public static int chronometer
    public static int end
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int left
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int none
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int start
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
    public static int top
android.support.fragment.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.fragment.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.fragment.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.fragment.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
    public static int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.fragment.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.loader.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.loader.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.loader.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.loader.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.loader.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.loader.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.loader.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.loader.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.loader.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.loader.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.mediacompat.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.mediacompat.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int notification_material_background_media_default_color
    public static int primary_text_default_material_dark
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_dark
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.mediacompat.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
    public static int subtitle_corner_radius
    public static int subtitle_outline_width
    public static int subtitle_shadow_offset
    public static int subtitle_shadow_radius
android.support.mediacompat.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.mediacompat.R$id:
    public static int action0
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int cancel_action
    public static int chronometer
    public static int end_padder
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int media_actions
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int status_bar_latest_event_content
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.mediacompat.R$integer:
    public static int cancel_button_image_alpha
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.mediacompat.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_media_action
    public static int notification_media_cancel_action
    public static int notification_template_big_media
    public static int notification_template_big_media_custom
    public static int notification_template_big_media_narrow
    public static int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_lines_media
    public static int notification_template_media
    public static int notification_template_media_custom
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.mediacompat.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.mediacompat.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title_Media
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.mediacompat.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v4.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int coordinatorLayoutStyle
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int keylines
    public static int layout_anchor
    public static int layout_anchorGravity
    public static int layout_behavior
    public static int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int layout_insetEdge
    public static int layout_keyline
    public static int statusBarBackground
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.v4.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int notification_material_background_media_default_color
    public static int primary_text_default_material_dark
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_dark
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v4.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
    public static int subtitle_corner_radius
    public static int subtitle_outline_width
    public static int subtitle_shadow_offset
    public static int subtitle_shadow_radius
android.support.v4.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v4.R$id:
    public static int action0
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int bottom
    public static int cancel_action
    public static int chronometer
    public static int end
    public static int end_padder
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int left
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int media_actions
    public static int none
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int start
    public static int status_bar_latest_event_content
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
    public static int top
android.support.v4.R$integer:
    public static int cancel_button_image_alpha
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v4.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_media_action
    public static int notification_media_cancel_action
    public static int notification_template_big_media
    public static int notification_template_big_media_custom
    public static int notification_template_big_media_narrow
    public static int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_lines_media
    public static int notification_template_media
    public static int notification_template_media_custom
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v4.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v4.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title_Media
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
    public static int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.v4.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int ttcIndex
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable:
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id:
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int chronometer
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string:
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style:
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BluetoothConnection:
    private static final java.lang.String TAG
    472:496:java.lang.String[] getUUIDs()
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BluetoothDevicePicker
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.Bridge:
    308:312:private void IntToBytes(byte[],int,int)
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtInterface:
    private static final java.lang.String TAG
    614:614:void askLocation()
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtInterface$AcceptThread:
    1016:1017:public void stopServer_from_looping()
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtReader:
    private static final java.lang.String TAG
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtReader$BtElement:
    69:72:public void flush(int)
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtReader$ReadingThreads:
    192:192:private BtReader$ReadingThreads()
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtSender:
    private static final java.lang.String TAG
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtSender$Job:
    43:58:public BtSender$Job(com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BtSender,java.io.BufferedOutputStream)
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.BuildConfig
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.ForwardingActivity:
    private static final int REQUEST_DISCOVERABLE_CODE
    private static final int REQUEST_COARSE_LOCATION_PERMISSIONS
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.PluginToUnity:
    12:14:private PluginToUnity()
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$attr:
    public static int alpha
    public static int coordinatorLayoutStyle
    public static int font
    public static int fontProviderAuthority
    public static int fontProviderCerts
    public static int fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int fontProviderPackage
    public static int fontProviderQuery
    public static int fontStyle
    public static int fontVariationSettings
    public static int fontWeight
    public static int keylines
    public static int layout_anchor
    public static int layout_anchorGravity
    public static int layout_behavior
    public static int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int layout_insetEdge
    public static int layout_keyline
    public static int statusBarBackground
    public static int ttcIndex
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$color:
    public static int notification_action_color_filter
    public static int notification_icon_bg_color
    public static int notification_material_background_media_default_color
    public static int primary_text_default_material_dark
    public static int ripple_material_light
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_dark
    public static int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$dimen:
    public static int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
    public static int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
    public static int compat_control_corner_material
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
    public static int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
    public static int notification_action_icon_size
    public static int notification_action_text_size
    public static int notification_big_circle_margin
    public static int notification_content_margin_start
    public static int notification_large_icon_height
    public static int notification_large_icon_width
    public static int notification_main_column_padding_top
    public static int notification_media_narrow_margin
    public static int notification_right_icon_size
    public static int notification_right_side_padding_top
    public static int notification_small_icon_background_padding
    public static int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
    public static int notification_subtext_size
    public static int notification_top_pad
    public static int notification_top_pad_large_text
    public static int subtitle_corner_radius
    public static int subtitle_outline_width
    public static int subtitle_shadow_offset
    public static int subtitle_shadow_radius
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$drawable:
    public static int ic_launcher
    public static int notification_action_background
    public static int notification_bg
    public static int notification_bg_low
    public static int notification_bg_low_normal
    public static int notification_bg_low_pressed
    public static int notification_bg_normal
    public static int notification_bg_normal_pressed
    public static int notification_icon_background
    public static int notification_template_icon_bg
    public static int notification_template_icon_low_bg
    public static int notification_tile_bg
    public static int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$id:
    public static int action0
    public static int action_container
    public static int action_divider
    public static int action_image
    public static int action_text
    public static int actions
    public static int async
    public static int blocking
    public static int bottom
    public static int cancel_action
    public static int chronometer
    public static int end
    public static int end_padder
    public static int forever
    public static int icon
    public static int icon_group
    public static int info
    public static int italic
    public static int left
    public static int line1
    public static int line3
    public static int media_actions
    public static int none
    public static int normal
    public static int notification_background
    public static int notification_main_column
    public static int notification_main_column_container
    public static int right
    public static int right_icon
    public static int right_side
    public static int start
    public static int status_bar_latest_event_content
    public static int tag_transition_group
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
    public static int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
    public static int text
    public static int text2
    public static int time
    public static int title
    public static int top
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$integer:
    public static int cancel_button_image_alpha
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$layout:
    public static int notification_action
    public static int notification_action_tombstone
    public static int notification_media_action
    public static int notification_media_cancel_action
    public static int notification_template_big_media
    public static int notification_template_big_media_custom
    public static int notification_template_big_media_narrow
    public static int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
    public static int notification_template_custom_big
    public static int notification_template_icon_group
    public static int notification_template_lines_media
    public static int notification_template_media
    public static int notification_template_media_custom
    public static int notification_template_part_chronometer
    public static int notification_template_part_time
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$string:
    public static int app_name
    public static int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$style:
    public static int AppBaseTheme
    public static int AppTheme
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time_Media
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
    public static int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title_Media
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
    public static int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
    public static int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
com.techtweaking.bluetoothcontroller.R$styleable:
    public static int ColorStateListItem_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
    public static int ColorStateListItem_android_color
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
    public static int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
    public static int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
    public static int FontFamilyFont_font
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
    public static int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
    public static int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerX
    public static int GradientColor_android_centerY
    public static int GradientColor_android_endColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_endX
    public static int GradientColor_android_endY
    public static int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
    public static int GradientColor_android_startColor
    public static int GradientColor_android_startX
    public static int GradientColor_android_startY
    public static int GradientColor_android_tileMode
    public static int GradientColor_android_type
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_color
    public static int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.techtweaking.libextra.CircularArrayList:
    304:311:public void flush(int)
    313:317:public byte[] pollAll(int)
com.techtweaking.libextra.IOUtils:
    private static final java.lang.String TAG
    13:13:public IOUtils()
